What can we do about this?
It's all your good daughter
Thousands of calculations
But I forgot to sign this big shot
Now the official family relies on signing adults
How dare we offend
The official will deliver invitations to the door today.
It's clear that he's here to calculate the general ledger for us
What can we do about this?
The old lady was right
It's all your good daughter's fault.
how
The Shangguan family was originally going to reconcile with the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
Now I have offended the official family instead
If not for him
How can the official come to the door for accountability?
Tomorrow at the triumph banquet
Once the humble lord is investigated
I'm afraid our Shangguan family is about to disappear
How can this be done?
Who told me
What do we do now?
Go to the banquet
Now that the scenarios have been received
And there is a reason not to go
Yeah.
Ye Feng, you still have the face to appear here
If you hadn't crossed your foot
Guan Mingcheng and Linglong have long been married
Our Shangguan family
It wouldn't have come to this.
Don't worry, grandma.
Ye Feng shut up
You're still speaking for him at this time
Did you know
The official's backer is the adult on the shoulder
They just came to our Shangguan family
Our Shangguan family who demonstrated offended people is small
Accountability is great
You made it clear
The day after tomorrow at the triumphal banquet
Can you still plead with the humble lord?
Until now
There is only one way
Yuan Long
Before Lord Qianshang blames us
You marry Guan Mingcheng first
This is the only way for our Shangguan family to save themselves
It is absolutely impossible for me to marry Guan Mingcheng
How brave grandma
The day after tomorrow at the triumphal banquet
You apologize to the official yourself
Ask them to let you go
Otherwise, I will expel your door from the Shangguan room